this card is about and then of course a remake of
popular Kate watching TV from times of Warcraft 3 is currently the
Card from the blizzard in the foal and thus on the first page
does it live at all?
First of all, what is Foton the CARTES Hitzfelds player in four teams
Each team has built a base in which it has its own main building
regularly units Spohn
These units can be used with money for killed units from Greven or
expand to completely new units
so all have in the beginning Verramschen Merians but then for one
of the three races decide and the typical already known units
use
In addition to the normal units, each player buys one in seven
randomly chosen heroes and here is the trick in detail the heroes
For the most part, these are just too laid-back skills to throw together
we know and the mix of the main game or the campaign
so Kerrigan can call as Ultimate in Word Excel before and if he can
Set progress
In addition, the heroes are all initially from Grosseto with the same weapon
Damage can only be changed with the purchase of new weapons
all heroes in the beginning the same attributes differences between melee
and ranged stores are not here
So everything becomes a bit monotonous, especially as the heroes in the later gameplay
bless the temporal blessing very quickly and then kill and players with you
300 and 3 MB, these are then later quite useless from the purchase
Of course, upgrades like heroes can not be adhered to 4
All in all, I think the map has not worked out yet, it works
the attention to detail especially with the heroes